# Suggested journey through the documentation
The complete documentation listed below can be a bit overwhelming. We recommend to read the documentation in the following order:
1. Read the out-of-the box notice related to your specific tracker model (which will also provide convenient QR codes pointing to essential documentation). The out-of-the-box document is present in the tracker delivery package or it can be downloaded from [here](https://actilitysa.sharepoint.com/:f:/t/aby/EuMzuM_frNdHv_PEqLKPIxsBI83xXlrDeOgdLbe6XnaHoA?e=fnAY2k)
2. Read the training on the tracker Button and LED [User Interface](https://actilitysa.sharepoint.com/:f:/t/aby/EiWIqYpAehBKg3Py8I6X07oBFFxUWT3i2FVHYRX2MzXtow?e=ZFkhrM) and on the [Command Line Interface (CLI)](https://actilitysa.sharepoint.com/:f:/t/aby/EgxRhivJUIVNrq1Lwa3qBigBip9FcMMHhBD_ZaA9m8IT6w?e=WLr48X). Many features require activation by button press sequences or CLI commands, and it is important to be familiar with both.
3. Read the [Abeeway Device Manager (ADM) User Guide](https://actilitysa.sharepoint.com/:f:/t/aby/EhbJycLDkulLhGAhJpcOztcBa_glwi7WYyyPMz58f-PEUQ?e=YN9ptc). This easy to use online tool will allow you to interact and configure your trackers without having to know the exact configuration commands or parameter IDs.
4. You will need to tune the tracker's LoRaWAN transmit strategy to your specific use case and network. ADM provides default settings but if you want to optimize power consumption for a given private network you will need to make sure the the datarates used are as high as possible. [AN-002_LoRa_Transmission_strategy](https://actilitysa.sharepoint.com/:f:/t/aby/Evqx0qp6AQ1OqrI7-2DoIxsB1wKjLBjykfPh2p7Lo8mP7g?e=VrNdaS) provides all the details.
5. You will usually need to understand how to tune the embedded GNSS geolocation logic to optimize power consumption and tune it to your local GNSS reception conditions, or configure aggressive timeouts if you want the tracker to switch to WiFi or BLE geolocation as much as possible. [AN-016_GPS_LPGPS](https://actilitysa.sharepoint.com/:f:/t/aby/Evqx0qp6AQ1OqrI7-2DoIxsB1wKjLBjykfPh2p7Lo8mP7g?e=VrNdaS) provides the required reference.
6. If you need to understand specific parameters when using the Abeeway Device Manager beyond the tooltip information, you can refer to the [Abeeway Trackers Reference Guide](/AbeewayRefGuide/introduction/). This document is not meant to be read end-to-end, but rather as a comprehensive reference for all commands and parameters.
7. You can more information in [Abeeway Firmware trainings](../../D-Reference/DocLibrary_R/AbeewayTrackers_R.md#abeeway-firmware-trainings) and [ThingPark X Location Engine trainings](../../D-Reference/DocLibrary_R/ThingParkLocationEngine_R.md#thingpark-x-location-engine-trainings) below for more specific use cases.

The rest of the documentation relates to specific use cases (e.g. BLE scanning, Covid proximity) or specific actions (Firmware update, debugging), and the titles are self-explanatory. You need to read them only if relevant to you.